when the Navy was a disaster they
organized it in an impeccable manner but
the one thing they do for look was the
BBC could come and it up completely
do you know what happened a little
helicopter bringing me here big
helicopter actually blew the whole place
about as if it had been a tornado in the
West Indies or Wales wherever they have
tornadoes these days and actually
although I was gonna cook you a
brilliant dish I spent all morning on my
hands and knees you can see the mud on
my trousers picking up the bits and
pieces anyway enough apologies enough
excuses I'm still gonna out-cook this
lot whatever happens even though they've
tried to sabotage it pretty good quick
spin around the ingredients naturally
because we're in Cornwall it HMS we're
going to a Portuguese dish Portuguese
man-of-war it's called I think it's a
battleship or a boat I'm not sure anyway
there's some pork there's some onions
garlic bacon parsley tomatoes mussels
cockles spawn ups olive oil prawns and
because the helicopter rekted I've had
to borrow tomato sauce from the field
kitchen here I did make my own honestly
but they blew it away right enough all
of that a quick swig of what you know
made the Navy famous till the rat bags
took it away from them and over with me
into the frying pan and as you can see
the combined resources the dynasty and
Navy have built me the most extravagant
and beautiful kitchen onions in then we
put our pork in like that and that has
to sweat down for a few minutes of my
bacon for the Navy its Boyd versus the
Navy but in fact Richard they've been so
kind to if I don't care if I come second
I mean it's a bunch of generals no not
what are they called Admiral standing
over there and they're gonna get to eat
all of this sort
actually as the end of phase one now
Navy pilots by definition are retiring
shy and sensitive breed and they
insisted that I wave goodbye so you
could get back to their flower pressing
and crochet bye bye Crispin bye bye
royal highness but now the other ranks
have to finish off their gastronomic
exam piece for the Admirals to judge
providing the Brylcreem boys keep their
distance and don't blow the kitchen
defense again
and coming here we are in a disaster as
a busy kitchen it's only made of mud and
clay and wattles made on the Isle of
Innisfree and all that monsters show me
what I want you to do now and pay
attention okay nautical manual number 19
page 27 Portuguese dish cat a planner
phase to go from now right thank you
very much indeed thank you very much
indeed if we go with a cockle
thank you very much in with the Royal
Navy's open tomorrow salt thank you very
much a bit of pureed Bazeley like that
take this way thank you bringing my
parsley to do thank you put that in
there we go and then a bit of chilli
powder to give us a little bit of spice
and flavouring a little bit of paprika
to make it absolutely brilliant didn't
come out never does does it when you're
trying to do things properly and then we
slow that round put the lid on like that
in five minutes with my rum in five
minutes we'll delight the generals the
Admirals with the finest foods of the
Northern Hemisphere that is to say
Portugal and Asian Australia could luck
to us all